         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         
ox       |  o  x   |       xo|   x  o  | xo      |     x  o|      ox |o  x     
xo       |  x  o   |       ox|   o  x  | ox      |     o  x|      xo |x  o     
o x      |  o     x|      x o|x     o  |x o      |  x     o|      o x|o     x  
 o x     | x   o   |     x o |   o   x | o   x   |     o x |   x   o | x o     
ooxx     | xo  o  x|     xxoo|x  o  ox |xoo  x   |  x  o xo|   x  oox|ox o  x  
  ox     | x      o|     xo  |o      x |o    x   |  o    x |   x    o| x    o  
oxox     | xo  x  o|     xoxo|o  x  ox |oxo  x   |  o  x xo|   x  oxo|ox x  o  
xoox     | xx  o  o|     xoox|o  o  xx |oox  x   |  o  o xx|   x  xoo|xx o  o  
  xo     | o      x|     ox  |x      o |x    o   |  x    o |   o    x| o    x  
oxxo     | oo  x  x|     oxxo|x  x  oo |xxo  o   |  x  x oo|   o  oxx|oo x  x  
xoxo     | ox  o  x|     oxox|x  o  xo |xox  o   |  x  o ox|   o  xox|xo o  x  
xxoo     | ox  x  o|     ooxx|o  x  xo |oxx  o   |  o  x ox|   o  xxo|xo x  o  
o   x    |  o x    |    x   o|    x o  |  o x    |    x   o|    x o  |o   x    
 o  x    |    xo   |    x  o |   ox    | o  x    |    xo   |    x  o |   ox    
oox x    |  o xo  x|    x xoo|x  ox o  |xoo x    |  x xo  o|    x oox|o  ox x  
oxo x    |  o xx  o|    x oxo|o  xx o  |oxo x    |  o xx  o|    x oxo|o  xx o  
oo xx    | xo xo   |    xx oo|   ox ox | oo xx   |    xo xo|   xx oo |ox ox    
o oxx    | xo x   o|    xxo o|o   x ox |o o xx   |  o x  xo|   xx o o|ox  x o  
 ooxx    | x  xo  o|    xxoo |o  ox  x |oo  xx   |  o xo x |   xx  oo| x ox o  
xo ox    | ox xo   |    xo ox|   ox xo | ox xo   |    xo ox|   ox xo |xo ox    
o xox    | oo x   x|    xox o|x   x oo |x o xo   |  x x  oo|   ox o x|oo  x x  
 oxox    | o  xo  x|    xoxo |x  ox  o |xo  xo   |  x xo o |   ox  ox| o ox x  
x oox    | ox x   o|    xoo x|o   x xo |o x xo   |  o x  ox|   ox x o|xo  x o  
 xoox    | o  xx  o|    xoox |o  xx  o |ox  xo   |  o xx o |   ox  xo| o xx o  
x   o    |  x o    |    o   x|    o x  |  x o    |    o   x|    o x  |x   o    
 x  o    |    ox   |    o  x |   xo    | x  o    |    ox   |    o  x |   xo    
oxx o    |  o ox  x|    o xxo|x  xo o  |xxo o    |  x ox  o|    o oxx|o  xo x  
xox o    |  x oo  x|    o xox|x  oo x  |xox o    |  x oo  x|    o xox|x  oo x  
ox xo    | xo ox   |    ox xo|   xo ox | xo ox   |    ox xo|   xo ox |ox xo    
xo xo    | xx oo   |    ox ox|   oo xx | ox ox   |    oo xx|   xo xo |xx oo    
o xxo    | xo o   x|    oxx o|x   o ox |x o ox   |  x o  xo|   xo o x|ox  o x  
 oxxo    | x  oo  x|    oxxo |x  oo  x |xo  ox   |  x oo x |   xo  ox| x oo x  
x oxo    | xx o   o|    oxo x|o   o xx |o x ox   |  o o  xx|   xo x o|xx  o o  
 xoxo    | x  ox  o|    oxox |o  xo  x |ox  ox   |  o ox x |   xo  xo| x xo o  
x xoo    | ox o   x|    oox x|x   o xo |x x oo   |  x o  ox|   oo x x|xo  o x  
 xxoo    | o  ox  x|    ooxx |x  xo  o |xx  oo   |  x ox o |   oo  xx| o xo x  
oo x x   | xo  o x |   x x oo| x o  ox | oox x   | x   o xo|   x xoo |ox o   x 
o ox x   | xo    xo|   x xo o|ox    ox |o ox x   | xo    xo|   x xo o|ox    ox 
   o x   | o     x |   x o   | x     o |   x o   | x     o |   o x   | o     x 
ox o x   | oo  x x |   x o xo| x x  oo | xox o   | x   x oo|   o xox |oo x   x 
xo o x   | ox  o x |   x o ox| x o  xo | oxx o   | x   o ox|   o xxo |xo o   x 
o xo x   | oo    xx|   x ox o|xx    oo |x ox o   | xx    oo|   o xo x|oo    xx 
 oxo x   | o   o xx|   x oxo |xx o   o |xo x o   | xx  o o |   o x ox| o o  xx 
x oo x   | ox    xo|   x oo x|ox    xo |o xx o   | xo    ox|   o xx o|xo    ox 
 xoo x   | o   x xo|   x oox |ox x   o |ox x o   | xo  x o |   o x xo| o x  ox 
o  oxx   | oo x  x |   xxo  o| x  x oo |  oxxo   | x  x  oo|   oxxo  |oo  x  x 
 o oxx   | o  xo x |   xxo o | x ox  o | o xxo   | x  xo o |   oxx o | o ox  x 
ooxoxx   | oo xo xx|   xxoxoo|xx ox oo |xooxxo   | xx xo oo|   oxxoox|oo ox xx 
  ooxx   | o  x  xo|   xxoo  |ox  x  o |o  xxo   | xo x  o |   oxx  o| o  x ox 
oxooxx   | oo xx xo|   xxooxo|ox xx oo |oxoxxo   | xo xx oo|   oxxoxo|oo xx ox 
xoooxx   | ox xo xo|   xxooox|ox ox xo |ooxxxo   | xo xo ox|   oxxxoo|xo ox ox 
o  xox   | xo o  x |   xox  o| x  o ox |  oxox   | x  o  xo|   xoxo  |ox  o  x 
 o xox   | x  oo x |   xox o | x oo  x | o xox   | x  oo x |   xox o | x oo  x 
ooxxox   | xo oo xx|   xoxxoo|xx oo ox |xooxox   | xx oo xo|   xoxoox|ox oo xx 
oxoxox   | xo ox xo|   xoxoxo|ox xo ox |oxoxox   | xo ox xo|   xoxoxo|ox xo ox 
x  oox   | ox o  x |   xoo  x| x  o xo |  xxoo   | x  o  ox|   ooxx  |xo  o  x 
 x oox   | o  ox x |   xoo x | x xo  o | x xoo   | x  ox o |   oox x | o xo  x 
  xoox   | o  o  xx|   xoox  |xx  o  o |x  xoo   | xx o  o |   oox  x| o  o xx 
oxxoox   | oo ox xx|   xooxxo|xx xo oo |xxoxoo   | xx ox oo|   ooxoxx|oo xo xx 
xoxoox   | ox oo xx|   xooxox|xx oo xo |xoxxoo   | xx oo ox|   ooxxox|xo oo xx 
xxooox   | ox ox xo|   xoooxx|ox xo xo |oxxxoo   | xo ox ox|   ooxxxo|xo xo ox 
xx o o   | ox  x o |   o o xx| o x  xo | xxo o   | o   x ox|   o oxx |xo x   o 
x xo o   | ox    ox|   o ox x|xo    xo |x xo o   | ox    ox|   o ox x|xo    xo 
x  oxo   | ox x  o |   oxo  x| o  x xo |  xoxo   | o  x  ox|   oxox  |xo  x  o 
 x oxo   | o  xx o |   oxo x | o xx  o | x oxo   | o  xx o |   oxo x | o xx  o 
oxxoxo   | oo xx ox|   oxoxxo|xo xx oo |xxooxo   | ox xx oo|   oxooxx|oo xx xo 
xoxoxo   | ox xo ox|   oxoxox|xo ox xo |xoxoxo   | ox xo ox|   oxoxox|xo ox xo 
oox   x  |x o  o  x|  x   xoo|x  o  o x|xoo     x|  x  ox o|x     oox|o xo  x  
  o   x  |x       o|  x   o  |o       x|o       x|  o   x  |x       o|  x   o  
oxo   x  |x o  x  o|  x   oxo|o  x  o x|oxo     x|  o  xx o|x     oxo|o xx  o  
xoo   x  |x x  o  o|  x   oox|o  o  x x|oox     x|  o  ox x|x     xoo|x xo  o  
o ox  x  |xxo     o|  x  xo o|o     oxx|o o  x  x|  o   xxo|x  x  o o|oxx   o  
 oox  x  |xx   o  o|  x  xoo |o  o   xx|oo   x  x|  o  oxx |x  x   oo| xxo  o  
 oxo  x  |xo   o  x|  x  oxo |x  o   ox|xo   o  x|  x  oxo |x  o   ox| oxo  x  
x oo  x  |xox     o|  x  oo x|o     xox|o x  o  x|  o   xox|x  o  x o|xox   o  
 xoo  x  |xo   x  o|  x  oox |o  x   ox|ox   o  x|  o  xxo |x  o   xo| oxx  o  
o o x x  |x o x   o|  x x o o|o   x o x|o o x   x|  o x x o|x   x o o|o x x o  
 oo x x  |x   xo  o|  x x oo |o  ox   x|oo  x   x|  o xox  |x   x  oo|  xox o  
  oox x  |xo  x   o|  x xoo  |o   x  ox|o   xo  x|  o x xo |x  ox   o| ox x o  
oxoox x  |xoo xx  o|  x xooxo|o  xx oox|oxo xo  x|  o xxxoo|x  ox oxo|ooxxx o  
xooox x  |xox xo  o|  x xooox|o  ox xox|oox xo  x|  o xoxox|x  ox xoo|xoxox o  
o x o x  |x o o   x|  x o x o|x   o o x|x o o   x|  x o x o|x   o o x|o x o x  
 ox o x  |x   oo  x|  x o xo |x  oo   x|xo  o   x|  x oox  |x   o  ox|  xoo x  
x o o x  |x x o   o|  x o o x|o   o x x|o x o   x|  o o x x|x   o x o|x x o o  
 xo o x  |x   ox  o|  x o ox |o  xo   x|ox  o   x|  o oxx  |x   o  xo|  xxo o  
ooxxo x  |xxo oo  x|  x oxxoo|x  oo oxx|xoo ox  x|  x ooxxo|x  xo oox|oxxoo x  
  oxo x  |xx  o   o|  x oxo  |o   o  xx|o   ox  x|  o o xx |x  xo   o| xx o o  
oxoxo x  |xxo ox  o|  x oxoxo|o  xo oxx|oxo ox  x|  o oxxxo|x  xo oxo|oxxxo o  
xoxoo x  |xox oo  x|  x ooxox|x  oo xox|xox oo  x|  x ooxox|x  oo xox|xoxoo x  
xxooo x  |xox ox  o|  x oooxx|o  xo xox|oxx oo  x|  o oxxox|x  oo xxo|xoxxo o  
oo   xx  |x o  o x |  xx   oo| x o  o x| oox    x| x   ox o|x    xoo |o xo   x 
o o  xx  |x o    xo|  xx  o o|ox    o x|o ox    x| xo   x o|x    xo o|o x   ox 
 oo  xx  |x    o xo|  xx  oo |ox o    x|oo x    x| xo  ox  |x    x oo|  xo  ox 
o  o xx  |xoo    x |  xx o  o| x    oox|  ox o  x| x    xoo|x  o xo  |oox    x 
 o o xx  |xo   o x |  xx o o | x o   ox| o x o  x| x   oxo |x  o x o | oxo   x 
ooxo xx  |xoo  o xx|  xx oxoo|xx o  oox|xoox o  x| xx  oxoo|x  o xoox|ooxo  xx 
  oo xx  |xo     xo|  xx oo  |ox     ox|o  x o  x| xo   xo |x  o x  o| ox   ox 
oxoo xx  |xoo  x xo|  xx ooxo|ox x  oox|oxox o  x| xo  xxoo|x  o xoxo|ooxx  ox 
xooo xx  |xox  o xo|  xx ooox|ox o  xox|ooxx o  x| xo  oxox|x  o xxoo|xoxo  ox 
oo oxxx  |xoo xo x |  xxxo oo| x ox oox| ooxxo  x| x  xoxoo|x  oxxoo |ooxox  x 
o ooxxx  |xoo x  xo|  xxxoo o|ox  x oox|o oxxo  x| xo x xoo|x  oxxo o|oox x ox 
 oooxxx  |xo  xo xo|  xxxooo |ox ox  ox|oo xxo  x| xo xoxo |x  oxx oo| oxox ox 
o   oxx  |x o o  x |  xxo   o| x  o o x|  oxo   x| x  o x o|x   oxo  |o x o  x 
 o  oxx  |x   oo x |  xxo  o | x oo   x| o xo   x| x  oox  |x   ox o |  xoo  x 
oox oxx  |x o oo xx|  xxo xoo|xx oo o x|xooxo   x| xx oox o|x   oxoox|o xoo xx 
oxo oxx  |x o ox xo|  xxo oxo|ox xo o x|oxoxo   x| xo oxx o|x   oxoxo|o xxo ox 
xoo oxx  |x x oo xo|  xxo oox|ox oo x x|ooxxo   x| xo oox x|x   oxxoo|x xoo ox 
oo xoxx  |xxo oo x |  xxox oo| x oo oxx| ooxox  x| x  ooxxo|x  xoxoo |oxxoo  x 
o oxoxx  |xxo o  xo|  xxoxo o|ox  o oxx|o oxox  x| xo o xxo|x  xoxo o|oxx o ox 
 ooxoxx  |xx  oo xo|  xxoxoo |ox oo  xx|oo xox  x| xo ooxx |x  xox oo| xxoo ox 
ox ooxx  |xoo ox x |  xxoo xo| x xo oox| xoxoo  x| x  oxxoo|x  ooxox |ooxxo  x 
xo ooxx  |xox oo x |  xxoo ox| x oo xox| oxxoo  x| x  ooxox|x  ooxxo |xoxoo  x 
o xooxx  |xoo o  xx|  xxoox o|xx  o oox|x oxoo  x| xx o xoo|x  ooxo x|oox o xx 
 oxooxx  |xo  oo xx|  xxooxo |xx oo  ox|xo xoo  x| xx ooxo |x  oox ox| oxoo xx 
x oooxx  |xox o  xo|  xxooo x|ox  o xox|o xxoo  x| xo o xox|x  ooxx o|xox o ox 
 xoooxx  |xo  ox xo|  xxooox |ox xo  ox|ox xoo  x| xo oxxo |x  oox xo| oxxo ox 
ox   ox  |x o  x o |  xo   xo| o x  o x| xoo    x| o   xx o|x    oox |o xx   o 
xo   ox  |x x  o o |  xo   ox| o o  x x| oxo    x| o   ox x|x    oxo |x xo   o 
o x  ox  |x o    ox|  xo  x o|xo    o x|x oo    x| ox   x o|x    oo x|o x   xo 
 ox  ox  |x    o ox|  xo  xo |xo o    x|xo o    x| ox  ox  |x    o ox|  xo  xo 
x o  ox  |x x    oo|  xo  o x|oo    x x|o xo    x| oo   x x|x    ox o|x x   oo 
o  x ox  |xxo    o |  xo x  o| o    oxx|  oo x  x| o    xxo|x  x oo  |oxx    o 
 o x ox  |xx   o o |  xo x o | o o   xx| o o x  x| o   oxx |x  x o o | xxo   o 
ooxx ox  |xxo  o ox|  xo xxoo|xo o  oxx|xooo x  x| ox  oxxo|x  x ooox|oxxo  xo 
  ox ox  |xx     oo|  xo xo  |oo     xx|o  o x  x| oo   xx |x  x o  o| xx   oo 
oxox ox  |xxo  x oo|  xo xoxo|oo x  oxx|oxoo x  x| oo  xxxo|x  x ooxo|oxxx  oo 
x  o ox  |xox    o |  xo o  x| o    xox|  xo o  x| o    xox|x  o ox  |xox    o 
 x o ox  |xo   x o |  xo o x | o x   ox| x o o  x| o   xxo |x  o o x | oxx   o 
  xo ox  |xo     ox|  xo ox  |xo     ox|x  o o  x| ox   xo |x  o o  x| ox   xo 
oxxo ox  |xoo  x ox|  xo oxxo|xo x  oox|xxoo o  x| ox  xxoo|x  o ooxx|ooxx  xo 
xoxo ox  |xox  o ox|  xo oxox|xo o  xox|xoxo o  x| ox  oxox|x  o oxox|xoxo  xo 
xxoo ox  |xox  x oo|  xo ooxx|oo x  xox|oxxo o  x| oo  xxox|x  o oxxo|xoxx  oo 
o   xox  |x o x  o |  xox   o| o  x o x|  oox   x| o  x x o|x   xoo  |o x x  o 
 o  xox  |x   xo o |  xox  o | o ox   x| o ox   x| o  xox  |x   xo o |  xox  o 
oxo xox  |x o xx oo|  xox oxo|oo xx o x|oxoox   x| oo xxx o|x   xooxo|o xxx oo 
xoo xox  |x x xo oo|  xox oox|oo ox x x|ooxox   x| oo xox x|x   xoxoo|x xox oo 
oo xxox  |xxo xo o |  xoxx oo| o ox oxx| oooxx  x| o  xoxxo|x  xxooo |oxxox  o 
o oxxox  |xxo x  oo|  xoxxo o|oo  x oxx|o ooxx  x| oo x xxo|x  xxoo o|oxx x oo 
 ooxxox  |xx  xo oo|  xoxxoo |oo ox  xx|oo oxx  x| oo xoxx |x  xxo oo| xxox oo 
ox oxox  |xoo xx o |  xoxo xo| o xx oox| xooxo  x| o  xxxoo|x  oxoox |ooxxx  o 
xo oxox  |xox xo o |  xoxo ox| o ox xox| oxoxo  x| o  xoxox|x  oxoxo |xoxox  o 
x ooxox  |xox x  oo|  xoxoo x|oo  x xox|o xoxo  x| oo x xox|x  oxox o|xox x oo 
 xooxox  |xo  xx oo|  xoxoox |oo xx  ox|ox oxo  x| oo xxxo |x  oxo xo| oxxx oo 
x   oox  |x x o  o |  xoo   x| o  o x x|  xoo   x| o  o x x|x   oox  |x x o  o 
oxx oox  |x o ox ox|  xoo xxo|xo xo o x|xxooo   x| ox oxx o|x   oooxx|o xxo xo 
xox oox  |x x oo ox|  xoo xox|xo oo x x|xoxoo   x| ox oox x|x   ooxox|x xoo xo 
xxo oox  |x x ox oo|  xoo oxx|oo xo x x|oxxoo   x| oo oxx x|x   ooxxo|x xxo oo 
ox xoox  |xxo ox o |  xoox xo| o xo oxx| xooox  x| o  oxxxo|x  xooox |oxxxo  o 
o xxoox  |xxo o  ox|  xooxx o|xo  o oxx|x ooox  x| ox o xxo|x  xooo x|oxx o xo 
 oxxoox  |xx  oo ox|  xooxxo |xo oo  xx|xo oox  x| ox ooxx |x  xoo ox| xxoo xo 
 xoxoox  |xx  ox oo|  xooxox |oo xo  xx|ox oox  x| oo oxxx |x  xoo xo| xxxo oo 
xxo   o  |o x  x  o|  o   oxx|o  x  x o|oxx     o|  o  xo x|o     xxo|x ox  o  
 xox  o  |ox   x  o|  o  xox |o  x   xo|ox   x  o|  o  xox |o  x   xo| xox  o  
x o x o  |o x x   o|  o x o x|o   x x o|o x x   o|  o x o x|o   x x o|x o x o  
 xo x o  |o   xx  o|  o x ox |o  xx   o|ox  x   o|  o xxo  |o   x  xo|  oxx o  
oxoxx o  |oxo xx  o|  o xxoxo|o  xx oxo|oxo xx  o|  o xxoxo|o  xx oxo|oxoxx o  
xooxx o  |oxx xo  o|  o xxoox|o  ox xxo|oox xx  o|  o xooxx|o  xx xoo|xxoox o  
ox   xo  |o o  x x |  ox   xo| x x  o o| xox    o| x   xo o|o    xox |o ox   x 
xo   xo  |o x  o x |  ox   ox| x o  x o| oxx    o| x   oo x|o    xxo |x oo   x 
o x  xo  |o o    xx|  ox  x o|xx    o o|x ox    o| xx   o o|o    xo x|o o   xx 
 ox  xo  |o    o xx|  ox  xo |xx o    o|xo x    o| xx  oo  |o    x ox|  oo  xx 
x o  xo  |o x    xo|  ox  o x|ox    x o|o xx    o| xo   o x|o    xx o|x o   ox 
 xo  xo  |o    x xo|  ox  ox |ox x    o|ox x    o| xo  xo  |o    x xo|  ox  ox 
o  x xo  |oxo    x |  ox x  o| x    oxo|  ox x  o| x    oxo|o  x xo  |oxo    x 
 o x xo  |ox   o x |  ox x o | x o   xo| o x x  o| x   oox |o  x x o | xoo   x 
ooxx xo  |oxo  o xx|  ox xxoo|xx o  oxo|xoox x  o| xx  ooxo|o  x xoox|oxoo  xx 
  ox xo  |ox     xo|  ox xo  |ox     xo|o  x x  o| xo   ox |o  x x  o| xo   ox 
oxox xo  |oxo  x xo|  ox xoxo|ox x  oxo|oxox x  o| xo  xoxo|o  x xoxo|oxox  ox 
xoox xo  |oxx  o xo|  ox xoox|ox o  xxo|ooxx x  o| xo  ooxx|o  x xxoo|xxoo  ox 
 x o xo  |oo   x x |  ox o x | x x   oo| x x o  o| x   xoo |o  o x x | oox   x 
xoxo xo  |oox  o xx|  ox oxox|xx o  xoo|xoxx o  o| xx  ooox|o  o xxox|xooo  xx 
xxoo xo  |oox  x xo|  ox ooxx|ox x  xoo|oxxx o  o| xo  xoox|o  o xxxo|xoox  ox 
o   xxo  |o o x  x |  oxx   o| x  x o o|  oxx   o| x  x o o|o   xxo  |o o x  x 
 o  xxo  |o   xo x |  oxx  o | x ox   o| o xx   o| x  xoo  |o   xx o |  oox  x 
oox xxo  |o o xo xx|  oxx xoo|xx ox o o|xooxx   o| xx xoo o|o   xxoox|o oox xx 
oxo xxo  |o o xx xo|  oxx oxo|ox xx o o|oxoxx   o| xo xxo o|o   xxoxo|o oxx ox 
xoo xxo  |o x xo xo|  oxx oox|ox ox x o|ooxxx   o| xo xoo x|o   xxxoo|x oox ox 
xo oxxo  |oox xo x |  oxxo ox| x ox xoo| oxxxo  o| x  xooox|o  oxxxo |xooox  x 
 oxoxxo  |oo  xo xx|  oxxoxo |xx ox  oo|xo xxo  o| xx xooo |o  oxx ox| ooox xx 
x ooxxo  |oox x  xo|  oxxoo x|ox  x xoo|o xxxo  o| xo x oox|o  oxxx o|xoo x ox 
 xooxxo  |oo  xx xo|  oxxoox |ox xx  oo|ox xxo  o| xo xxoo |o  oxx xo| ooxx ox 
 x  oxo  |o   ox x |  oxo  x | x xo   o| x xo   o| x  oxo  |o   ox x |  oxo  x 
oxx oxo  |o o ox xx|  oxo xxo|xx xo o o|xxoxo   o| xx oxo o|o   oxoxx|o oxo xx 
xox oxo  |o x oo xx|  oxo xox|xx oo x o|xoxxo   o| xx ooo x|o   oxxox|x ooo xx 
ox xoxo  |oxo ox x |  oxox xo| x xo oxo| xoxox  o| x  oxoxo|o  xoxox |oxoxo  x 
xo xoxo  |oxx oo x |  oxox ox| x oo xxo| oxxox  o| x  oooxx|o  xoxxo |xxooo  x 
o xxoxo  |oxo o  xx|  oxoxx o|xx  o oxo|x oxox  o| xx o oxo|o  xoxo x|oxo o xx 
 oxxoxo  |ox  oo xx|  oxoxxo |xx oo  xo|xo xox  o| xx ooox |o  xox ox| xooo xx 
xx ooxo  |oox ox x |  oxoo xx| x xo xoo| xxxoo  o| x  oxoox|o  ooxxx |xooxo  x 
x xooxo  |oox o  xx|  oxoox x|xx  o xoo|x xxoo  o| xx o oox|o  ooxx x|xoo o xx 
 xxooxo  |oo  ox xx|  oxooxx |xx xo  oo|xx xoo  o| xx oxoo |o  oox xx| ooxo xx 
xx   oo  |o x  x o |  oo   xx| o x  x o| xxo    o| o   xo x|o    oxx |x ox   o 
x x  oo  |o x    ox|  oo  x x|xo    x o|x xo    o| ox   o x|o    ox x|x o   xo 
 x x oo  |ox   x o |  oo x x | o x   xo| x o x  o| o   xox |o  x o x | xox   o 
oxxx oo  |oxo  x ox|  oo xxxo|xo x  oxo|xxoo x  o| ox  xoxo|o  x ooxx|oxox  xo 
xoxx oo  |oxx  o ox|  oo xxox|xo o  xxo|xoxo x  o| ox  ooxx|o  x oxox|xxoo  xo 
xxox oo  |oxx  x oo|  oo xoxx|oo x  xxo|oxxo x  o| oo  xoxx|o  x oxxo|xxox  oo 
oxx xoo  |o o xx ox|  oox xxo|xo xx o o|xxoox   o| ox xxo o|o   xooxx|o oxx xo 
xox xoo  |o x xo ox|  oox xox|xo ox x o|xoxox   o| ox xoo x|o   xoxox|x oox xo 
xxo xoo  |o x xx oo|  oox oxx|oo xx x o|oxxox   o| oo xxo x|o   xoxxo|x oxx oo 
ox xxoo  |oxo xx o |  ooxx xo| o xx oxo| xooxx  o| o  xxoxo|o  xxoox |oxoxx  o 
xo xxoo  |oxx xo o |  ooxx ox| o ox xxo| oxoxx  o| o  xooxx|o  xxoxo |xxoox  o 
o xxxoo  |oxo x  ox|  ooxxx o|xo  x oxo|x ooxx  o| ox x oxo|o  xxoo x|oxo x xo 
 oxxxoo  |ox  xo ox|  ooxxxo |xo ox  xo|xo oxx  o| ox xoox |o  xxo ox| xoox xo 
x oxxoo  |oxx x  oo|  ooxxo x|oo  x xxo|o xoxx  o| oo x oxx|o  xxox o|xxo x oo 
 xoxxoo  |ox  xx oo|  ooxxox |oo xx  xo|ox oxx  o| oo xxox |o  xxo xo| xoxx oo 
xx oxoo  |oox xx o |  ooxo xx| o xx xoo| xxoxo  o| o  xxoox|o  oxoxx |xooxx  o 
x xoxoo  |oox x  ox|  ooxox x|xo  x xoo|x xoxo  o| ox x oox|o  oxox x|xoo x xo 
 xxoxoo  |oo  xx ox|  ooxoxx |xo xx  oo|xx oxo  o| ox xxoo |o  oxo xx| ooxx xo 
xx xooo  |oxx ox o |  ooox xx| o xo xxo| xxoox  o| o  oxoxx|o  xooxx |xxoxo  o 
x xxooo  |oxx o  ox|  oooxx x|xo  o xxo|x xoox  o| ox o oxx|o  xoox x|xxo o xo 
 xxxooo  |ox  ox ox|  oooxxx |xo xo  xo|xx oox  o| ox oxox |o  xoo xx| xoxo xo 
 o o x x | o x o x | x x o o | x o x o | o x o x | x x o o | x o x o | o o x x 
ooxo x x | oox o xx| x x oxoo|xx o xoo |xoox o x | xxx o oo| x o xoox|oo o xxx 
oxoo x x | oox x xo| x x ooxo|ox x xoo |oxox o x | xox x oo| x o xoxo|oo x xox 
xooo x x | oxx o xo| x x ooox|ox o xxo |ooxx o x | xox o ox| x o xxoo|xo o xox 
oo oxx x | ooxxo x | x xxo oo| x oxxoo | ooxxo x | x xxo oo| x oxxoo |oo oxx x 
o ooxx x | ooxx  xo| x xxoo o|ox  xxoo |o oxxo x | xoxx  oo| x oxxo o|oo  xxox 
 oooxx x | o xxo xo| x xxooo |ox oxx o |oo xxo x | xoxxo o | x oxx oo| o oxxox 
oo xox x | xoxoo x | x xox oo| x ooxox | ooxox x | x xoo xo| x xoxoo |ox oox x 
o oxox x | xoxo  xo| x xoxo o|ox  oxox |o oxox x | xoxo  xo| x xoxo o|ox  oxox 
xo oox x | oxxoo x | x xoo ox| x ooxxo | oxxoo x | x xoo ox| x ooxxo |xo oox x 
o xoox x | ooxo  xx| x xoox o|xx  oxoo |x oxoo x | xxxo  oo| x ooxo x|oo  oxxx 
 oxoox x | o xoo xx| x xooxo |xx oox o |xo xoo x | xxxoo o | x oox ox| o ooxxx 
x ooox x | oxxo  xo| x xooo x|ox  oxxo |o xxoo x | xoxo  ox| x ooxx o|xo  oxox 
 xooox x | o xox xo| x xooox |ox xox o |ox xoo x | xoxox o | x oox xo| o xoxox 
 x o o x | o x x o | x o o x | o x x o | x o o x | o x x o | x o o x | o x x o 
oxxo o x | oox x ox| x o oxxo|xo x xoo |xxoo o x | oxx x oo| x o ooxx|oo x xxo 
xoxo o x | oxx o ox| x o oxox|xo o xxo |xoxo o x | oxx o ox| x o oxox|xo o xxo 
xo oxo x | oxxxo o | x oxo ox| o oxxxo | oxoxo x | o xxo ox| x oxoxo |xo oxx o 
o xoxo x | ooxx  ox| x oxox o|xo  xxoo |x ooxo x | oxxx  oo| x oxoo x|oo  xxxo 
o oo xxx |xoox   xo| xxx oo o|ox   xoox|o ox o xx| xox  xoo|xx o xo o|oox  xox 
 ooo xxx |xo x o xo| xxx ooo |ox o x ox|oo x o xx| xox oxo |xx o x oo| oxo xox 
o o oxxx |x oxo  xo| xxxo o o|ox  oxo x|o oxo  xx| xoxo x o|xx  oxo o|o x oxox 
oox  oxx |x ox o ox| xxo  xoo|xo o xo x|xooo   xx| oxx ox o|xx   ooox|o xo xxo 
oxo  oxx |x ox x oo| xxo  oxo|oo x xo x|oxoo   xx| oox xx o|xx   ooxo|o xx xoo 
xoo  oxx |x xx o oo| xxo  oox|oo o xx x|ooxo   xx| oox ox x|xx   oxoo|x xo xoo 
oo x oxx |xxox o o | xxo x oo| o o xoxx| ooo x xx| o x oxxo|xx x ooo |oxxo x o 
o ox oxx |xxox   oo| xxo xo o|oo   xoxx|o oo x xx| oox  xxo|xx x oo o|oxx  xoo 
 oox oxx |xx x o oo| xxo xoo |oo o x xx|oo o x xx| oox oxx |xx x o oo| xxo xoo 
ox o oxx |xoox x o | xxo o xo| o x xoox| xoo o xx| o x xxoo|xx o oox |ooxx x o 
xo o oxx |xoxx o o | xxo o ox| o o xxox| oxo o xx| o x oxox|xx o oxo |xoxo x o 
o xo oxx |xoox   ox| xxo ox o|xo   xoox|x oo o xx| oxx  xoo|xx o oo x|oox  xxo 
 oxo oxx |xo x o ox| xxo oxo |xo o x ox|xo o o xx| oxx oxo |xx o o ox| oxo xxo 
x oo oxx |xoxx   oo| xxo oo x|oo   xxox|o xo o xx| oox  xox|xx o ox o|xox  xoo 
 xoo oxx |xo x x oo| xxo oox |oo x x ox|ox o o xx| oox xxo |xx o o xo| oxx xoo 
oo  xoxx |x oxxo o | xxox  oo| o oxxo x| ooox  xx| o xxox o|xx  xooo |o xoxx o 
o o xoxx |x oxx  oo| xxox o o|oo  xxo x|o oox  xx| ooxx x o|xx  xoo o|o x xxoo 
 o oxoxx |xo xxo o | xxoxo o | o oxx ox| o oxo xx| o xxoxo |xx oxo o | oxoxx o 
ox  ooxx |x oxox o | xxoo  xo| o xoxo x| xooo  xx| o xoxx o|xx  ooox |o xxox o 
xo  ooxx |x xxoo o | xxoo  ox| o ooxx x| oxoo  xx| o xoox x|xx  ooxo |x xoox o 
o x ooxx |x oxo  ox| xxoo x o|xo  oxo x|x ooo  xx| oxxo x o|xx  ooo x|o x oxxo 
x o ooxx |x xxo  oo| xxoo o x|oo  oxx x|o xoo  xx| ooxo x x|xx  oox o|x x oxoo 
 o xooxx |xx xoo o | xxoox o | o oox xx| o oox xx| o xooxx |xx xoo o | xxoox o 
oxo  xox |o ox x xo| xox  oxo|ox x xo o|oxox   xo| xox xo o|ox   xoxo|o ox xox 
xoo  xox |o xx o xo| xox  oox|ox o xx o|ooxx   xo| xox oo x|ox   xxoo|x oo xox 
 oox xox |ox x o xo| xox xoo |ox o x xo|oo x x xo| xox oox |ox x x oo| xoo xox 
o o xxox |o oxx  xo| xoxx o o|ox  xxo o|o oxx  xo| xoxx o o|ox  xxo o|o o xxox 
oxx  oox |o ox x ox| xoo  xxo|xo x xo o|xxoo   xo| oxx xo o|ox   ooxx|o ox xxo 
xox  oox |o xx o ox| xoo  xox|xo o xx o|xoxo   xo| oxx oo x|ox   oxox|x oo xxo 
xxo  oox |o xx x oo| xoo  oxx|oo x xx o|oxxo   xo| oox xo x|ox   oxxo|x ox xoo 
ox x oox |oxox x o | xoo x xo| o x xoxo| xoo x xo| o x xoxo|ox x oox |oxox x o 
xo x oox |oxxx o o | xoo x ox| o o xxxo| oxo x xo| o x ooxx|ox x oxo |xxoo x o 
o xx oox |oxox   ox| xoo xx o|xo   xoxo|x oo x xo| oxx  oxo|ox x oo x|oxo  xxo 
 oxx oox |ox x o ox| xoo xxo |xo o x xo|xo o x xo| oxx oox |ox x o ox| xoo xxo 
x ox oox |oxxx   oo| xoo xo x|oo   xxxo|o xo x xo| oox  oxx|ox x ox o|xxo  xoo 
x xo oox |ooxx   ox| xoo ox x|xo   xxoo|x xo o xo| oxx  oox|ox o ox x|xoo  xxo 
xo  xoox |o xxxo o | xoox  ox| o oxxx o| oxox  xo| o xxoo x|ox  xoxo |x ooxx o 
o x xoox |o oxx  ox| xoox x o|xo  xxo o|x oox  xo| oxxx o o|ox  xoo x|o o xxxo 
x o xoox |o xxx  oo| xoox o x|oo  xxx o|o xox  xo| ooxx o x|ox  xox o|x o xxoo 
 o xxoox |ox xxo o | xooxx o | o oxx xo| o oxx xo| o xxoox |ox xxo o | xooxx o 
x x ooox |o xxo  ox| xooo x x|xo  oxx o|x xoo  xo| oxxo o x|ox  oox x|x o oxxo 
x xoxo o | oxox  ox| o oxox x|xo  xoxo |x xoxo o | oxox  ox| o oxox x|xo  xoxo 
oxx  oxo |x oo x ox| oxo  xxo|xo x oo x|xxoo   ox| oxo xx o|xo   ooxx|o xx oxo 
xox  oxo |x xo o ox| oxo  xox|xo o ox x|xoxo   ox| oxo ox x|xo   oxox|x xo oxo 
xxo  oxo |x xo x oo| oxo  oxx|oo x ox x|oxxo   ox| ooo xx x|xo   oxxo|x xx ooo 
x o xoxo |x xox  oo| oxox o x|oo  xox x|o xox  ox| ooox x x|xo  xox o|x x xooo 
x x ooxo |x xoo  ox| oxoo x x|xo  oox x|x xoo  ox| oxoo x x|xo  oox x|x x ooxo 
o o   x x|x o   x o|x x   o o|o x   o x|o o   x x|x o   x o|x x   o o|o x   o x
ooxo  x x|xoo  ox x|x x  oxoo|x xo  oox|xoo  ox x|x x  oxoo|x xo  oox|ooxo  x x
oxoo  x x|xoo  xx o|x x  ooxo|o xx  oox|oxo  ox x|x o  xxoo|x xo  oxo|ooxx  o x
xooo  x x|xox  ox o|x x  ooox|o xo  xox|oox  ox x|x o  oxox|x xo  xoo|xoxo  o x
o oox x x|xoo x x o|x x xoo o|o x x oox|o o xox x|x o x xoo|x xox o o|oox x o x
oox o x x|x o oox x|x x o xoo|x xoo o x|xoo o x x|x x oox o|x x o oox|o xoo x x
oxo o x x|x o oxx o|x x o oxo|o xxo o x|oxo o x x|x o oxx o|x x o oxo|o xxo o x
o oxo x x|xxo o x o|x x oxo o|o x o oxx|o o oxx x|x o o xxo|x xxo o o|oxx o o x
x ooo x x|xox o x o|x x ooo x|o x o xox|o x oox x|x o o xox|x xoo x o|xox o o x
o oo xx x|xoo   xxo|x xx oo o|oxx   oox|o ox ox x|xxo   xoo|x xo xo o|oox   oxx
o xo ox x|xoo   xox|x xo ox o|xox   oox|x oo ox x|xox   xoo|x xo oo x|oox   xox
x o   o x|o x   x o|x o   o x|o x   x o|o x   x o|x o   o x|o x   x o|x o   o x
oxox  o x|oxo  xx o|x o  xoxo|o xx  oxo|oxo  xx o|x o  xoxo|o xx  oxo|oxox  o x
xoox  o x|oxx  ox o|x o  xoox|o xo  xxo|oox  xx o|x o  ooxx|o xx  xoo|xxoo  o x
oxo x o x|o o xxx o|x o x oxo|o xxx o o|oxo x x o|x o xxo o|o x x oxo|o oxx o x
oxo  xo x|o o  xxxo|x ox  oxo|oxxx  o o|oxox  x o|xxo  xo o|o x  xoxo|o ox  oxx
xoo  xo x|o x  oxxo|x ox  oox|oxxo  x o|ooxx  x o|xxo  oo x|o x  xxoo|x oo  oxx
o ox xo x|oxo   xxo|x ox xo o|oxx   oxo|o ox xx o|xxo   oxo|o xx xo o|oxo   oxx
x oo xo x|oox   xxo|x ox oo x|oxx   xoo|o xx ox o|xxo   oox|o xo xx o|xoo   oxx
o o xxo x|o o x xxo|x oxx o o|oxx x o o|o oxx x o|xxo x o o|o x xxo o|o o x oxx
oxx  oo x|o o  xxox|x oo  xxo|xoxx  o o|xxoo  x o|xox  xo o|o x  ooxx|o ox  xox
xox  oo x|o x  oxox|x oo  xox|xoxo  x o|xoxo  x o|xox  oo x|o x  oxox|x oo  xox
o xx oo x|oxo   xox|x oo xx o|xox   oxo|x oo xx o|xox   oxo|o xx oo x|oxo   xox
o x xoo x|o o x xox|x oox x o|xox x o o|x oox x o|xox x o o|o x xoo x|o o x xox
o o  xoxx|o ox  xxo|xxox  o o|oxx  xo o|o ox  xxo|xxox  o o|oxx  xo o|o o  xoxx
